https://codepen.io/adriannasaruk/pen/abzjpYZ


 1. What is Semantic HTML? 
 It gives you the meaning of HTML phrases or words.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
For the structure of a website.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute specifies a definition of objects or properties. We put it into links or pictures.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is the meant for the main title of a webpage and should be used only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    img, src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    header
    7. What is an id? 
    It specifies a unique HTML element.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    to all.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    only once
    10. What is a class? 
    a class specifies one name for multiple elements.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    to all of them.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    multiple times. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    <a href= "" target="_blank">link opens in new tab</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute used for?
    specifies an alternate text or image.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section means that the content inside is grouped. div tags define a division in an HTML. The section element represents a generic section of a document or application
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to give color or pictures to a webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{   }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    a class contains multiple elements and an id only once. For a list of e-mail adresses. ID for a passwort or username.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human p{ }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    to select a specific element which is for example in a class.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar div a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
     It selects elements which are in a specific state.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? 
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? 
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? 
    capitalize, lowercase,uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? 
    boder: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
     *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS??
    */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
     pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
     ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm. Be careful because it's not undoable.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    So everyone can see what changes where made on the project.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    about every 20 minutes while working on it.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    fork, collarborate TL, clone, cd the repo, git checkout -b,code ., work on VSC, git status, git add ., commit -m, git push -u origin branch-name
    submit Pull Request, go to forked copy, click branch master, select name branch, click NEW PUll request.